Exposing sasl.jaas.config setting (#223)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-kafka: docs/index.asciidoc

The amount of time to wait before attempting to retry a failed produce request to a given topic partition.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-sasl_jaas_config"]
===== `sasl_jaas_config` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

> The plugin local JAAS configuration setting which is not java process shared as setting in `jaas_path` config file. This allows each plugin instance to has its own configuration. If both `sasl_jaas_config` and `jaas_path` configurations are set, the setting here takes precedence.

Reviewer: Thanks for adding the docs, much appreciated. Couple of suggestions for clarity:

```suggestion
JAAS configuration setting local to this plugin instance, as opposed to settings using config file configured using `jaas_path`, which are shared across the JVM. This allows each plugin instance to have its own configuration. 

If both `sasl_jaas_config` and `jaas_path` configurations are set, the setting here takes precedence.
```

Example (setting for Azure Event Hub):
[source,ruby]
    output {
      kafka {

>         sasl_jaas_config => "org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username='$ConnectionString' password='Endpoint=sb://EVENTHUBNAME.servicebus.windows.net/;SharedAccessKeyName=RootManageSharedAccessKey;SharedAccessKey=SOMEKEY';"

Reviewer: Could you change the username and password of the sample `sasl_jaas_config` setting to something like `username='auser' password='asecret'` as opposed to the example for `Azure Event Hub` use? I suspect that that use case is fairly unusual for users of this plugin, and a more general example would be helpful:
```suggestion
        sasl_jaas_config => "org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username='auser'  password='apassword';"
```
